Docs-5685-partner-manager-EA-mc (#33)
mulesoft/docs-partner-manager: modules/ROOT/pages/B2B-overview.adoc

= Use Anypoint Partner Manager
ifndef::env-site,env-github[]
include::_attributes.adoc[]
endif::[]

== Get Ready

> You'll need to perform some tasks before you can begin transmitting information with your partners.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You'll need to perform some tasks before you can begin transmitting messages with your partners.
```

> A transmission is a single communication event where a transfer of a payload which may contain multiple messages (in the X12 standard, messages are the same as transaction sets).

Reviewer: I would put this before the previous sentence. Then the paragraph flows better, I think.

> You set yourself up as a host partner, then configure your partners, and finally create a message flow between you and your partners.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You set yourself up as a host partner, then configure your partners, and finally create message flows between you and your partners.
```

> A message flow is the path along which a message travels from a source (transformed by a map) and routed to its target.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A message flow is the path along which a message travels, from its source, through a transformation (map), and to its target.
```

> For example, a distributor might group a set of purchase orders by sending them in one transmission to a supplier trading partner.

Reviewer: This is out of place. You've already defined that a transmission might be a group of messages, and now this is the example. I'd find a better place to put the example, or remove it. It's too high level.

> = Use Anypoint Partner Manager

Reviewer 2: Because the content of this topic set is prerequisites only, I suggest retitling to...

     Prepare to Configure Anypoint Partner Manager

You could also be more vague: Prepare to Us Anypoint Partner Manager
Or you could be more specific: Prepare to Configure Your Anypoint Partner Manager Host

The important thing is that your Level-1 topic:

     Address the audience directly

     Tell WHY the audience wants or needs to do what the title implies

     Summarize topic content
     Something like "To <do what the title implies> involves <listing the subtopics but not necessarily by their
     titles>.

Author: REmove Get REady and add Preparation? or Prepare to use?

Author: Rename the checklist "Prepare to Configure Anypoint Partner Manager".

ifndef::env-site,env-github[]
include::_attributes.adoc[]
endif::[]

> == Get Ready

Reviewer 2: Omit this subtitle in favor of promoting the following text to be the text that follows the Level-1 heading.

GLOBALLY avoid using titles that don't include text. Each title level should include text that summarizes the organization of the next level of topics.

Author: Yes, remove 'Get Ready'. Yes on not having titles without text.

> You'll need to perform some tasks before you can begin transmitting messages with your partners.

Reviewer 2: Suggest rewording this doc intro to something like this:

Anypoint Platform Manager (Platform Manager) is a product that enables you, as host partner, to communicate with your customer partners through <italic>tranmissions<italic>, which are single communications events that contain one or more <italic>messages<italic>. In the X12 standard [[is your audience familiar with this?]], messages are the same as transaction sets.

To enable this communication, you first configure yourself as host partner, then configure your customer partner, and then create <italic>message flows<italic> that travel between the two of you via a <italic>transformation<italic> map. To accomplish these tasks, you must understand X12 settings, message types, endpoints, and activity tracking.

Reviewer 2: (This rewording is just an example of how you can shorten and sharpen the original text. I am not in the habit of rewriting the good work that all you writers produce; I intend merely to occasionally demonstrate minimalist wordings that also clarify The User Journey.)

Reviewer 2: Note also how the first paragraph explains what the product is and ENABLES "you" to accomplish, and that the second sets the stage for all of the contained content that follows.

Author: Will look at how to rewite the paragraph with your feedback in mind.

Author: Did a draft. Let's look at it on the next round.

> A transmission is a single communication event where a transfer of a payload which may contain multiple messages. In the X12 standard, messages are the same as transaction sets.

Reviewer 2: See above.

Author: Will look at rewriting.

> You set yourself up as a host partner, then configure your partners, and finally create message flows between you and your partners. A message flow is the path along which a message travels, from its source, through a transformation (map), and to its target.

Reviewer 2: See above.

Author: Will look at it.

> == Checklist

Reviewer 2: I would omit this subtitle as well...mostly because you should have at least two subs before splitting a primary topic into secondary topics.

If you really want subsection here, I suggest that you promote the Level-1 bullet list items, something like Information to Gather from Your Partners and Information to Gather About Your Backend Systems (perhaps in reverse order).

Reviewer 2: Also note: the items listed are not parallel in that they are not all strictly "information." Try to reword the list items or maybe even the category of "information" to solve this.

Author: Okay, thanks.

Author: Let's revisit this on the next round.

> 

Reviewer 2: Since I can't edit directly in the text that GitHub closes up (in blue), here is my suggestion for Lines 14-18:

Reduce 14-16 to the last sentence only:

     Gather the following information about your partner's system and your own back end:

(If you decide to use the Level-1 bullets as subtitles, then you would adapt this sentence to apply to each sublist separately.)

Reviewer 2: For the bullet at Line 18, how about just "Partner system information"? 
Or is this the backend information...because I now see that the peer bullet appears to be about partner information?
No period, in any case. No period for any of these list items, because they are not complete sentence.

Author: Okay, will look at it.

Author: Let's do this on the next round.

> = Use Anypoint Partner Manager

Reviewer: This is a comment just so I can start the review.

** B2B Identifiers (such as the AS2 Identifier, X12 ISA, and so on).

> ** Endpoints - There are three types of endpoints within AnyPoint Partner Manager:

Reviewer 2: Suggest shortening this bullet to **Receive, target, and send transmission endpoints

I'm guessing that your audience does not need these terms defined, but you know better than I.

Reviewer 2: The rest of my edits in this list are copyediting for the existing text, should you keep it for now.

Author: The reviewer says no on this suggestion. These terms are defined elsewhere, but I will add definitions for these terms here.

> ** Endpoints - There are three types of endpoints within AnyPoint Partner Manager:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
** Endpoints:
```

Author: OK.

> - Receive - On the Host side, you need endpoints your organization uses to receive transmissions from your partners.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Receive
On the host side, the endpoints your organization uses to receive transmissions from your partners
```

Author: Reviewer says no to this suggestion.

> - Target - As the Host, your organization has internal endpoints where you route messages from the Partner after they are transformed within the message flow.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Target 
On the host side, the endpoints to which you route messages from the partner
```

Author: He says no on the suggested rewrite.

> - Send - Your partners provide you with endpoint configurations to use for sending them transmissions, including acknowledgement messages like 997s.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Send
On the partner side, the endpoints that receive transmissions, including acknowledgments like 997 messages.
```

Reviewer 2: If you later include text that similarly describes these endpoints, definitely omit that here and use only the first-level bullet **Endpoints.

If that later text exists, maybe we could include a really simple diagram showing the two sides and their endpoints, maybe with arrows.

Author: OKay, will look into that.

Author: Let's look at the last pass.

> ** Host digital certificates (such as X.509).

Reviewer 2: No bullet. GLOBAL in this list; I won't comment every time, just to save comment space....

> ** EDI message type preferences for your organization.

Reviewer 2: Does your audience know what EDI stands for?

Author: Electronic Data Interchange (EDI) is the computer-to-computer exchange of business documents in a standard electronic format between business partners. I can write out the acronym the first time I use it. Our users will know what EDI is.

> 

Reviewer 2: Since I cannot edit within lines 34-48:

Line 38 Level-1 bullet: Partner information? See question about peer bullet above.

Reviewer 2: GLOBALLY separate bullet intro word or words from description, as shown earlier.

Author: Um, next round?

** B2B Identifiers (such as the AS2 Identifier, X12 ISA, and so on).

** Endpoints - There are three types of endpoints within AnyPoint Partner Manager:

> - Receive. On the Host side, you need endpoints your organization will use to receive transmissions from your partners.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Receive from partners. On the Host side, you need endpoints your organization will use to receive transmissions from your partners.
```

+
- Target. As Host, your organization will have internal endpoints where you will route messages from the Partner after they are transformed in the message flow.
+

> - - Send. Your partners will provide you endpoint configurations to use for sending them transmissions, including acknowledgement messages like 997s.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- - Send to partner. Your partners will provide you endpoint configurations to use for sending them transmissions, including acknowledgement messages like 997s.
```

> 

Reviewer: I would call this section Get Ready because it's about collecting info before you start. The previous section is about how to use the system and is a good intro graph.

Author: This would change the flow of the nav file. Let's discuss.

** B2B Identifiers (such as the AS2 Identifier, X12 ISA, and so on).

> ** Sending, Receiving, and Partner Endpoints - There are three types of endpoints within AnyPoint Partner Manager:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
** Endpoints - There are three types of endpoints within AnyPoint Partner Manager:
```

> - From the Host side, you need ones to receive transmissions from your partners - where you route messages from your partners to a target at your backend systems

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Receive. On the Host side, you need endpoints your organization will use to receive transmissions from your partners.
```

+

> - Sources of messages from your backend system that you send to your partners.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Target. As Host, your organization will have internal endpoints where you will route messages from the Partner after they are transformed in the message flow.
```

+

> - From the Partner side, you’ll want them from where you send transmissions to your partners, including acknowledgments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- - Send. Your partners will provide you endpoint configurations to use for sending them transmissions, including acknowledgement messages like 997s.
```

> ** Digital certificates (such as X.509).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
** Host digital certificates (such as X.509).
```

** Message types to use. For example, a purchase order in X12 is an 850 message.

> You also need to know the X12 version to use in your transactions (such as 004010, 005010, and so on).

Reviewer 2: Should this requirement be a separate bullet?

Author: Don't think so.

** Your partners' digital certificates.

> Now you are ready to configure yourself as a Host.

Reviewer 2: Try to avoid using "now."

Suggest rewording to include the three tasks that make up "preparing":

     After gathering this information, you are ready to configure yourself as host, configure your partners, and create a message flow.

Author: Got it, thanks.

> == See Also

Reviewer 2: Consider not limiting See Also content to the "next" chronological topic.
For example, related to my suggestion that we not detail the Endpoints bullet list item here, because it has its own topic, that might qualify as a See Also item if you feel that users will be stumped by its brevity.
But See Also is pretty subjective and relies on your estimation of your audience's needs and patience level....

Author: Okay, I will reserve it for generic topics that might add more information instead of using it as a path to the next section.

> ** Your partner's digital certificate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
** Your partners' digital certificates.
```
